Update migrate-from-javascript-sdk-to-browser-sdk-2-0.md (#579)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/browser_sdk/en/migrate-from-javascript-sdk-to-browser-sdk-2-0.md

In both versions, attribution can occur during initialization.
{{/partial:admonition}}

{{partial:admonition type="warning" heading="Cookie migration"}}
The Browser SDK can automatically migrate cookies from JS SDK >= 6.0.0:

* Old cookie name `AMP_{first 6 digit of api key}` of JS SDK >= 6.0.0
* New cookie name `AMP_{first 10 digit of api key}` of the Browser SDK

The Browser SDK does **NOT** support automatic cookie migration for JS SDK < 6.0.0.

If automatic migration does not apply to your use case, you can manually migrate cookies by:

> 1. Reading the values from the old cookie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read the values from the old cookie.
```

> 2. Passing those values to `amplitude.init()` in configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Pass those values to `amplitude.init()` in the SDK configuration.
```

@Mercy811 Can we add a full example of what the `amplitude.init()` event looks like with the cookie values passed?

Author: Thanks @markzegarelli, I added it at https://github.com/amplitude/amplitude-docs/pull/579/commits/f321e94805d698ba757e7c08aeca98c21438dac4
